## Create site

> Now you can start defining your own site.

Executing the `docsite start` command in the root of the project will automatically open the page in the browser.

The template project generated by the initialization integrates the home page, document page, blog list page, blog details page, community page, and Chinese and English internationalization functions by default. You can add and remove pages as you wish.

### Add docs

1. Put the corresponding `.md` or `.markdown` file into the corresponding language directory under the `docs` folder,supporting multi-level directory
2. Configure menu items for the document in `docs.js` under the `site_config` folder

### Add blog

1. Put the corresponding `.md` or `.markdown` file into the corresponding language directory under the `blog` folder,supporting multi-level directory
2. Configure the list item of the blog in `blog.js` under the `site_config` folder.

> The markdown file supports custom metadata at the top of the document. The data between the top `---` (at least three `-`) is considered to be metadata, and one key occupies one line. These data will be parsed in the `blog.json` and `docs.json` files in the `md_json` folder, where `filename` and `__html` are reserved fields. Do not use them.

```
---
key1: hello
key2: world
---

your markdown content
```

### Customize page

1. If you want to add a page, add the corresponding page in the `pages` directory, and configure the corresponding route in the `index.jsx` file in the `src` directory. Synchronize the corresponding page configuration in the `site_config` folder.
2. If you want to modify the page, modify the corresponding page in the `pages` directory, and modify the corresponding page configuration under the `site_config` folder
3. If you want to delete the page, delete the corresponding page in the `pages` directory, and delete the corresponding route in the `index.jsx` file in the `src` directory. Synchronize the corresponding page configuration in the `site_config` folder.
4. If you want to modify the overall style of the site, please modify `variables.scss` in the `src` directory.
5. If you want to modify the style of the markdown document, please modify the `markdown.scss` in the `src` directory.

### Page tab title and site ico

Modify the `<title> page tag title</title>` in `index.html` in the root directory and the `href` of `<link rel="icon" href="./img/dubbo.ico">` attributes.



